It's called a Witch's Bottle.
I've read about them.
Well, now you've seen one.
Who did that to you?
He wouldn't.
Nathan.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Gabriel said for you
to drink this when you woke up.
Thanks.
Odette.
I'm sorry about your family.
Not as sorry as the Fairborns will be.
It's her Giving Day.
Ceelia said that she thinks
she saw her brother
and her grandfather being captured.
If Max gets his blood,
they'll both be fine.
You think the Hunters
are gonna let them do the ceremony?
Ceelia said they would.
She better be right.
Look what they did to me.
I'm so sorry, Nathan.
It's okay.
It's like you're always telling me.
You're not your dad.
They left from here.
Follow the river.
Teemu, find my daughter.
Yes, sir.
The famous Ozanne Blood Witches
wiped out in less than a minute.
There'll be more of them.
Did you know?
About your daughter's power?
- Is Ceelia still missing?
- Yeah, we can't find her.
You! Where's my little sister?
She's only nine years old.
I promise
we'll do everything we can to find her.
We need to make camp.
We can't stop here.
It's Blood Witch territory every direction
for a hundred miles.
Find me somewhere secure,
less than a day's drive.
I wanna be there by sunup.
- What about Nathan?
- I have what I need from him.
So then what are we doing here exactly?
If we're not trying to find the boy
or your daughter,
what's the mission?
Our mission is to kill Marcus Edge.
Do you have a problem with that?
We're looking for a boy.
He's traveling with a girl and a man.
Nathan.
You saw him?
He was with us
when the Fairborns attacked.
We have to find him.
Why?
Because you don't know
how dangerous he is.
- Let's go.
- Allez.
Uh, Nathan. How is he?
- What?
- You should talk to him.
Hmm.
And you, how are you feeling?
I don't think
my brother has his blood yet,
if that's what you're asking.
That's what I'm asking.
You all right?
- How are you?
- Good.
Good.
I thought I'd come over
and let you know I'm okay.
Yep, I can see that.
I guess I thought you'd be happier.
I'm ecstatic.
- Don't touch that.
- What's your problem, man?
I thought you were going to die!
I thought you were going to die.
Yeah, well, I didn't.
No.
Odette's brother can drink the blood
for both of them.
Yeah, it's a twin thing.
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey... ♪
What are we doing here?
The hell if I know.
Bjorn, deal with them.
Game up!
Here, I got you two. Look out!
Hello...
Set up a perimeter.
How long we gonna stay here?
- As long as we have to.
- Whoa, whoa!
What's this got to do with Marcus Edge?
While we're here,
Jessica is my second-in-command.
You answer to her.
What?
You're a good soldier, Bjorn.
Remember that when I give you an order.
I need a few hours.
Well, you heard him.
Set up a perimeter.
We've been running for miles.
- We're not gonna find them.
- You wanna tell Soul that?
Wait!
How far down do...
One of them?
Yes.
Good.
Let's go.
Why are we here?
Where's my grandfather?
Where do you think you're going?
I need to see him.
He doesn't wanna be disturbed.
The kid prisoner turned 17 last night.
Didn't get his blood.
His granddad can do it.
You know, I always wondered
if those stories were true.
About what happens to them
if they don't complete the ceremony.
That's not what we do.
Kieran's by the jetty.
Tell him to take the old man to the boy.
There's gonna be an inquiry into this,
you know.
You disappoint me.
I thought you were a Hunter.
So did I.
You should stick closer
to the camp. It's not safe out here.
Can't stop thinking about it.
You've been in fights before.
That wasn't a fight.
Go take the old man to his grandson.
It's his Giving Day.
Do that for them.
Tip the scales the other way a bit.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Take this blood and become whole.
Let me be alone with him. Please.
Okay.
There must be a way out.
There isn't.
We need to find Odette.
Do you think she's taken them
to Mercury's?
Mercury's?
I don't know.
When will my power come in properly?
Let's wait.
It should be any minute now. Very soon.
- Are you cold?
- Mm.
Is it... is it happening?
Did your brother get his blood?
I don't know.
Come here.
Don't touch me.
She's burning up.
Nathan, bring me my coat, would you?
Nathan, get my coat right now.
Okay.
Keep hold of her, all right?
So, it's true.
Get Ceelia!
Whatever happens, don't let go. Nathan!
They'll give them their blood, will they?
You're gonna watch this.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
I know. I know. I know. I know.
- What does it do?
- Makes it easier.
You're okay now.
Let it all go.
You missed it.
Fuck off!
Shit!
Stop.
- Nathan. Nathan, please!
- Calm down!
Fucking Fairborn scum!
Get back in the cabin.
We'll hand you over
to the next Blood clan we meet.
- You know what they'll do to me.
- There have to be consequences.
Jessica!
Once I drink this,
I'm gonna change.
I... I might say things
or do things.
I might bite down on my tongue...
and I need you to stay with me.
It's okay. I'm here.
Nathan.
Would you have pulled the trigger? Nathan!
She massacred the Ozannes.
- No, she didn't.
- Well, she was there.
We were there when the Ozannes crushed...
You wouldn't understand!
Yeah, no, you're right.
What would I understand about any of this?
What would I know about having a father
who'd done terrible things?
Or being on the run.
Or almost being killed.
Or having my entire life
thrown up in the air.
Totally out of my frame of reference.
Or maybe...
maybe I'm just Fairborn scum.
Annalise, wait.
Don't... Don't be like that.
Nathan?
Nathan! Nathan!
Nathan, can you hear me?
Help!
You know who I am.
Everyone knows who you are.
I was told you was
an honorable man, Soul O'Brien.
Are you honorable?
I am.
You tell your council
we're ready to discuss peace.
And maybe all this killing ends with us.
Tell them Marcus Edge guarantees it.
- He's offering peace.
- Peace.
He's offering peace.
You believe
they are willing to talk?
- I do.
- Then let's talk.
Tell the Bloods they have their meeting.
At Wolfhagen.
We are here to discuss a peaceful accord.
These are our terms.
All Blood Witches
must abide by Fairborn law.
All Blood Witches...
I must stop you there,
Council Leader.
You see, I haven't just come here
to represent the clans.
I came here representing every Blood Witch
that's lost their lives
to the so-called Fairborn Council,
every Blood Witch
whose children have been murdered.
I've come here seeking recompense
for the lives you've taken
and the powers you've stolen.
Come. This way.
Uh-oh.
My mom and dad are in there.
What's your name?
Ceelia.
It's okay, Ceelia.
He can't get us here.
It's been ten years
since the massacre.
If the stories are true,
the woman carries his child.
The council have agreed
she must be punished.
It falls on the two of you
to carry it out.
What about the boy?
- The boy isn't to be harmed.
- He may pose the same risk.
I believe
he may yet have a part to play.
- How should we do it?
- It must appear self-inflicted.
No.
Aoife. Quickly.
You leave us no choice.
No! No! No!
What do we do? It's killing him.
- You have to take the poison out.
- How?
Use your power.
I can't use my power.
My power kills people.
No, I saw you take apart a gun
from his hand.
I wasn't thinking then. It just happened.
Annalise, look at me.
This. This is your power.
This is your gift.
It's yours to wield,
not to hide from, okay?
Close your eyes.
I'll hurt him.
You won't.
Come on.
You can do it, Annalise.
Feel for it.
Keep going. You're doing it.
You're doing it.
Nathan.
Nathan!
What did you see, Nathan?
Saw things he'd seen.
His memories.
Like we were connected.
I saw you.
Wolfhagen.
- I heard the stories, but I never...
- Hmm.
I never realized...
What else?
My mom.
They poisoned her.
They killed her 'cause of me.
They killed her
because of hatred.
They killed her because of revenge
and anger and... and hurt and politics.
They killed her because
of a war that has been going on so long
that anyone who was there when it started
is bones in the fucking ground.
Killed her because they're sons of bitches
and fucking cowards.
You know this, Nathan.
You know it's not your fault.
So, what do I do?
How are you sleeping at night?
Badly.
Do you ever have violent dreams?
Yes.
Do you find yourself
getting quick to anger?
Yes.
Do you find yourself having
negative feelings about other witches?
Yes.
Do you ever have fantasies
about hurting people?
Yeah.
If you listen carefully,
can you hear my heartbeat?
Yes.
'Cause you're a Blood Witch.
You already know what you're gonna do.
There have to be consequences.
How do you feel?
I can hear heartbeats.
Lots of them. Outside.
Soul, I'm relieving you of your command.
You and her both.
Bjorn.
You've been a loyal soldier.
Don't throw it away now
when we're so close to victory.
If this is what victory looks like,
I don't want it.
- You're a traitor to your kind.
- Watch yourself, girl.
What about the rest of you?
Come on.
You.
Do you stand with the Bloods?
I side with Bjorn.
And me.
- Many of them do.
- Do they?
Maeve?
- I side with...
- Soul.
Kieran?
What happened, Teemu?
They're coming.
The Bloods are coming.
Get this man inside.
The rest of you get these traitors
in chains, then get ready.
There's a fight to be won.
Yes, sir.
If I don't get my blood,
will you promise
you'll do the same for me?
What you did for Odette?
Supposed to say, "Don't worry."
- "You'll get your blood."
- Oh, sorry.
Uh, you want me to say it now?
No.
So, how do I go about getting my name
into your dumb book?
They're names of people
who are important to me.
What, I ain't important?
There. Now you won't forget me.
I wouldn't.
I need a drink.
I'm not angry with you.
- What, you're disappointed?
- No, no, not at all, no, I...
I've always had
the utmost respect for you.
- Where are the others?
- Your co-conspirators?
Flo.
Eric.
I've always been jealous of that one.
And what about dear Lennox?
Such wonderful gifts.
All given over for the greater good.
What have you done?
What was necessary.
To Odette.
And Max.
♪ And outrun your fate ♪
♪ Standing in a field of flowers ♪
♪ Cerebral voices the loudest ♪
♪ All hollering your name ♪
♪ Is it paradise? ♪
♪ Only if it blows your mind ♪
♪ And then blows away... ♪
Whoo!
Yeah!
Come on.
- Oop!
- All right.
♪ You were holding my hands and saying ♪
♪ What if I only ever took what's mine? ♪
♪ I wanted to tell them ♪
♪ That if
I could have led a different life ♪
♪ Could have led a different life ♪
♪ But now, I need somebody
Who could ease my mind ♪
♪ Need somebody who could ease my mind... ♪
Mmm! Come on. Get that off!
All right! All right! Yeah!
♪ You were holding my hands and saying
What if I... ♪
♪ That if
I could have led a different life ♪
♪ Could have led a different life... ♪
Aah!
♪ You know
I could have led a different life... ♪
♪ Could have led a different life ♪
♪ But now, I need somebody
Who could ease my mind ♪
♪ Need somebody who could ease my mind ♪
♪ You know
I need the remedy to cure my vice ♪
♪ Need the Valium to sleep at night ♪
♪ Night ♪
♪ What if I only ever took what's mine? ♪
♪ I wanted to tell them ♪
♪ That if
I could have led a different life ♪
♪ Could have led a different life ♪
♪ But now, I need somebody
Who could ease my mind ♪
♪ Need the remedy to cure my vice ♪
♪ Need somebody who could ease my mind ♪